```json
{
  "validity": "pass",
  "quality": "strong",
  "issues": [],
  "rationale": "The prompt asks to identify the channel containing a specific eyes-reacted message ('circuit-tracer OOM errors') and list its members — this is the 'channel-containing-a-post' route, not 'channel-with-a-member-who-posted,' and the design explicitly states in binding_note that the membership holder need not be the message's author or reactor, correctly separating authorship from membership. The assigned route CONVERSATION_MEMBERSHIP→CONVERSATION→MESSAGE→REACTION is fully and genuinely traversed: the focal selector identifies the channel through content filters on the message (case-insensitive 'circuit-tracer' AND 'OOM') joined to its reaction via message_id (reaction_type='eyes'), rather than hard-coding the channel_id, so channel identity is discovered rather than secretly assumed. Checking the seed, message 1706110000.000100 is the unique message satisfying both content filters and carrying an eyes reaction (the only near-content-match, the DM 1706100000.000001, lacks any reaction), so the channel resolves unambiguously to C03IJKL9012. The five expected matches (U01AGENBOT9, U02JOHNDOE1, U03ROBERT23, U05MORGAN23, U06HUBERT23) are exactly the pre-existing channel_members of C03IJKL9012 in the base seed — no phantom additions were needed, and none were made. Negatives are well-chosen and non-redundant: Priya and Łukasz are members only of other channels (C_INFRA/C06ALPHADEV), directly testing that authorship (Łukasz wrote the identifying message) does not confer membership in the identified channel — precisely the authorship-vs-membership distinction the review guidance highlights; Mateo's new eyes reaction on an unrelated model-research message tests that matching emoji alone doesn't redirect channel scope; Hubert's new thumbsup on Robert's engineering message tests that any reaction in the right channel isn't sufficient, only the specific eyes reaction on the specific message. Both reaction inserts use documented emoji names (eyes, thumbsup) within the supported vocabulary. The requested answer attributes (channel_members.user_id, channel_members.channel_id) are real, retrievable table columns — unlike the earlier joined_at variant, this design avoids any capability-unavailable field. The access plan (conversations.history/search.messages, reactions.get, conversations.members) is fully supported by the documented API, and the acting bot is already a member of C03IJKL9012 for read access. Mechanical checks show no errors and computed_matches align exactly with the design's target roles. This is a clean, well-differentiated case with a consequential downstream action (planning a sync) and negatives that meaningfully probe the exact route distinctions called out in the review criteria."
}
```